feat(uibuilder): document edge case for Application Link (#2746)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/faq.adoc

= FAQ
:description:Find here the answers to the frenquently asked questions about Bonita UI Builder and Application Links.

== My application link is incorrect when accessing the Application Directory from my custom application.

image::images/app-link/incorrectAppLink.gif[Application has incorrect Link]

If you have customized e.g. the Bonita User Application, you may be using an old version of the layout.

image::images/app-link/issueOldLayout.png[Application with old layout]

In that case, the Application Directory opened from that application only will not display Application Links correctly, but the same way as Legacy Applications. +
Fix this by using `custompage_layoutBonita` as the layout value, which will automatically migrate to the latest layout.

> You may also encounter this issue if you use a xref:applications:customize-layouts.adoc[customized layout] instead of the official one. In that case, adapt your layout and report your modifications to the latest layout version that implements the improvements for Application Links.

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
```suggestion
You may also encounter this issue if you use a xref:applications:customize-layouts.adoc[customized layout] instead of the official one. In that case, update your application layout by re-applying your modifications to the latest layout version that implements the improvements for Application Links.

The same applies to the Application directory page that is used in the default application directory app: if you use a customized version of it, you need to re-apply your changes on the latest version packaged with Bonita runtime.
```

= FAQ
:description:Find here the answers to the frenquently asked questions about Bonita UI Builder and Application Links.

== My application link is incorrect when accessing the Application Directory from my custom application.

image::images/app-link/incorrectAppLink.gif[Application has incorrect Link]

If you have customized e.g. the Bonita User Application, you may be using an old version of the layout.

image::images/app-link/issueOldLayout.png[Application with old layout]

In that case, the Application Directory opened from that application only will not display Application Links correctly, but the same way as Legacy Applications. +
Fix this by using `custompage_layoutBonita` as the layout value, which will automatically migrate to the latest layout.

> You may also encounter this issue if you use a xref:applications:customize-layouts.adoc[customized layout] instead of the official one. In that case, update your custom layout by re-applying your modifications to the latest layout / application directory version that implements the improvements for Application Links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also encounter this issue if you use a xref:applications:customize-layouts.adoc[customized layout] instead of the official one. In that case, update your application's layout by re-applying your modifications to the latest layout version that implements the improvements for Application Links.
```
